How many characters, not including prefixes or suffixes, make up an Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC)?
Five
Three
Four
Six
* Five

Which Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC) indicates the actual position you are assgined to in your unit?
Primary
Duty
Control
Temporary
* Duty

"Which Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC) is used as a management tool for assignments against authorized manning requirements?
Control
Primary
Duty
Temporary
* Duty

Which documents are used to decide which task and knowledge items are trained in the initial skills resident course?
OSR and on-the-job training (OJT)
TRA and CFETP
OJT and career field education and training plan (CFETP)
Occupational Survey Report (OSR) and Training Requirements Analysis (TRA)
* Occupational Survey Report (OSR) and Training Requirements Analysis (TRA)

What is the focus of on-the-job training (OJT)?
Provide what you need to know to do your job
Support the organization's mission
Provide an opportunity to attend training
Provide the resources to meet the training requirements
* Provide what you need to know to do your job

On-the-job (OJT) is also known as what type of training?
One-on-one
Over-the-shoulder
Formalized
Virtual and interactive
* Over-the-shoulder

What is the Air Force's goal pertaining to the Internet?
Provide minimum availability at acceptable levels for official business
Provide secure availability at acceptable levels for official business
Provide maximum availability at acceptable levels for official business
Eliminate spy-ware to protect official business
* Provide maximum availability at acceptable levels for official business

The Internet provides all of the following except a
quick and efficient way of disseminating information to the public
way of distributing information throughout the Air Force
way of accessing information from a variety of sources
secure means of communication
* secure means of communication

Which of the following makes monitoring or reading another individual's email messages illegal?
Federal Wiretap Law
Unit system administrator
Operations security (OPSEC)
Non-secure Internet Protocol Router Network
* Federal Wiretap Law

Who in your unit establishes an email account for you?
Security manager
Work group manager
Computer systems manager
Information management manager
* Work group manager

Which type of storage device has a small amount of storage space?
External
Internal
Flash
Shared
* Flash

What are the four lines called that enclose the body of a standard military map?
Latitude
Longitude
Set
Neat
* Neat

Lines of Latitude progress north and south of
the international dateline
Greenwich, England
the prime meridian
the Equator
* the Equator

The point where 180 degrees East longitude meets 180 degrees West longitude is called what?
Greenwich, England
The international dateline
The prime meridian
The Equator
* The international dateline

How many degrees is each line of latitude or longitude broken down into?
45
90
180
360
* 360

The first major breakdown of the Universal Transverse Mercator (UTM) grid is the division of each zone into areas of 6 degrees by 8 degrees and
6 degrees by 8 degrees
6 degrees by 10 degrees
6 degrees by 12 degrees
6 degrees by 14 degrees
* 6 degrees by 12 degrees

What is the combination of the zone number and the row letter called?
Grid zone designation
Grid zone identifier
100,000 meter square identifier
100,000 meter square designation
* Grid zone designation

On a military map, what are the two digits printed in large type that appear at intervals along the grid line?
The central meridian
The principal digits
False coordinates
Reference numbers
* The principal digits

A map grid coordinate scale is designed for the express purpose of
plotting distance
measuring distance
plotting grid coordinates
measuring coordinates
* plotting grid coordinates

On the 1:250,000 scale in the military grid reference system, the 1,000 meter grid block is divided into 10 major subdivisions equal to how many meters each?
100
1,000
10,000
100,000
* 100

In the military grid reference system, the 1:5-,000 scale subdivides the 1,000-meter grid block into 10 major subdivisions equal to how many meters each?
100
1,000
10,000
100,000
* 100

Which map grid coordinate is accurate to within one meter?
1484
142841
14178409
1416884087
*1416884087

What does the Global Area Reference System (GARS) provide over other geographical grid reference systems?
Single military service use
Precision for employing guided weapons
Common joint service reference system
Complex language for effective communications
* Common joint service reference system

The Global Area Reference System (GARS) was the first global reference system developed for
navigating
executing close air support
detailed targeting
deconflicting
* deconflicting

What number and letter combination, in sequence, does the Global Area Reference System (GARS) use to identify an area anywhere in the world?
Three numbers and two letters
Two numbers and three letters
Three letters and two numbers
Two letters and three numbers
* Three numbers and two letters

The Global Area Reference System (GARS) uses a base line that starts at the
North Pole and Prime Meridian
South Pole and International Dateline
South Pole and Prime Meridian
North Pole and International Dateline
* South Pole and International Dateline

Which letter is omitted in the latitudinal band (northwards) of the Global Area Reference System (GARS)?
X
J
I
Y
* I

What represents the age of the topographical ma, in relation to other editions of the same map, and the agency responsible for its production?
Sheet name
Sheet number
Series number
Edition number
* Edition number

The basis for converting topographic map distance to ground distance is the
bar scale
grid note
contour interval
Edition number
* bar scale

On a topographical map, where do you find the information pertaining to the grid system used, the interval lines, and the number of digits omitted from the grid values?
Legend
Grid note
Special notes
Grid reference box
* Grid note

On a topographical map, you find information for composing a grid reference in the
Special notes
Declination diagram
Grid reference box
Legend
* Grid reference box

Where on a topographical map would you find information on the angular relationships of true north, grid north, and magnetic north?
Bar scale
Legend
Special notes
Declination diagram
* Declination diagram

What color is used on a topographical map to indicate most cultural or manmade features?
Black
Brown
Orange
Red
* Black

What color is used for joint operations graphics on a topographical map, to indicate air-ground operations?
Brown
Purple
Green
Red
* Purple

You are using topographic symbold on a map and determine that the width of a road is exagerated. When this happens it means that the
road is reduced in size around the feature to preserve its location
feature is reduced in size to preserve the width of the road
feature moves from its true position to preserve its relation to the road
road is offset around the feature next to the road
* feature moves from its true position to preserve its relation to the road

What type of terrain/relief feature on a topographic map slopes down in all directions?
Ridge
Draw
Valley
Hill
* Hill

An example of the detailed information the Joint Operations Graphic (JOG) air series maps contain is
radio ranges
cities
water ways
road systems
* radio ranges

What does the large, open-faced figure in each 15-minute quadrangle of a Joint Air Operations (JOG) air map represent?
Location of the nearest airfield
Highest terrain elevation
Coordinates for nearest airfield
Location of the highest terrain elevation
* Highest terrain elevation

What type of information does the Joint Operations Graphic (JOG) ground series map identify?
Radio towers only
Improvised air facilities
Permanent air facilities
Radio towers and ranges
* Permanent air facilities

How many parts, on a tactical map, do military symbols generally consist of?
Four
Five
Six
Seven
* Six

In relation to the basic symbol, where would you place the unit size symbol on a tactical map?
Above
Below
Left
Right
* Above

On a tactical map, place higher echelons of command
above the basic symbol
to the right of the basic symbol
to the left of the basic symbol
below the basic symbol
* to the right of the basic symbol

On a tactical map, military symbols represented in yellow mean
enemy units, installations, equipment, and activities
friendly or enemy manmade obstacles
friendly or enemy areas of chemical, biological, or radiological contamination
friendly units, installations, equipment, and activities
* friendly or enemy areas of chemical, biological, or radiological contamination

Military symbols represented in green on a tactical map mean
friendly or enemy areas of chemical, biological, or radiological contamination
friendly units, installations, equipment and activities
enemy units, installations, equipment, and activities
friendly or enemy manmade obstacles
* friendly or enemy manmade obstacles

To avoid compass readings interference when using lensatic compass, how many meters from a tank is the suggested safe operating distance?
18
55
10
5
* 18

How many meters from barbed wire is the suggested safe operating distance, while using a lensatic compass?
55
10
18
5
* 10

What map feature enables you to orient a map properly and shows the interrelationship of magnetic, grid, and true north?
Military plotting diagram
Grid reference diagram
Declination diagram
Military lensatic compass
* Declination diagram

When orienting a map, what is an imaginary line from any surface position to the North Pole?
Magnetic north
Grid north
Declination
True north
* True north

When orienting a map, the direction of the north magnetic pole indicated by the north-seeking needle of a magnetic instrument is the
magnetic north
true north
declination
grid north
* magnetic north

When orienting a map, true north is symbolized by
the letters GN or Y
a star
a diamond
a half arrowhead
* a star

When using a compass for navigation, a pace count takes you approximately how many paces to reach 100 meters?
40 to 70
50 to 80
60 to 90
70 to 100
* 50 to 80

When navigating with a compass, the traingulation of an unknown point from at least two or three known points on a map is called a/an
deliberate offset
resection
bisection
intersection
* intersection

When using a compass to navigate, you can locate your unknown point by sighting on two or more known features using
resection
bisection
intersection
deliberate offset
* resection

At 1,000 meters each degree of deliberate offset moves you how many meters to the left or right of an object?
6
12
18
24
* 18

Which factor of good microphone techniques deals with the extent of background noise?
Pronunciation
Rate of speech
Loudness
Patterns of speech
* Loudness

When the receiving radio operator gets a loud signal, it means the signal
is more readable
is easier to tune
requires less adjustment on the audio gain
is not always the most readable
* is not always the most readable

To speak into a microphone, hold it
about half an inch from your lips and speak at a normal level
directly against your lips and speak at a normal level
about 2 inches from your mouth and speak clearly
* about half an inch from your lips and speak at a normal level

All of the following are points you should follow for effective Voice communication except
speaking slowly enough to pronounce each word clearly and distinctly
pausing slightly between words so the listener has time to write down the message
speaking slowly enough for the listener to hear and understand all the words
pausing slightly between ideas, but do not say 'uh' or 'er' to fill in the pauses
* pausing slightly between words so the listener has time to write down the message

Radio messages transmitted idea by idea rather than word by word
requires a higher volume setting
is more likely to be garbled
is more easily understood
should be avoided
* is more easily understood

You transmit a lengthy message containing encoded groups. How many groups should you transmit before making a short break in transmission?
5
10
15
20
* 10

In which time zone is the Greenwich Meridian located?
Z
D
M
Y
* Z

When you are working eastward from Greenwich, local time gets
earlier by 1 hour
later by 1 hour
earlier by 2 hours
later by 2 hours
* later by 1 hour

What letter is omitted from the alphabetized time zones A through M?
L
I
J
M
* J

Which radio transmission practice is specifically forbidden?
Excessive transmitter power use
Transmitting at speeds beyond the capability of the receiving operators
Excessive time consumed in tuning, changing frequencies, and adjusting equipment
Unofficial conversation between operators
* Unofficial conversation between operators

The authority to cancel an emergency radio silence lies with the
authority that imposed it
communications officer
ground commander
signals officer
* authority that imposed it

Two authorized methods of authenticating are 'challenge and reply' and
decrypt
transmission
encrypt
encode* transmission

What statement, if any, must appear in the encoding transmission to prevent confusion with eight-digit coordinates and grid zone designators?
Eight-digit coordinates included
Six-digit coordinates included
Grid zone letters included
No statement is required
* Grid zone letters included

Radio deception that simulates units, installations, and activities is called
Manipulative
Intrusive
Imitative
Simulative
* Simulative

Which basic jamming technique consists of a narrow signal intended to disrupt one specific frequency or channel?
Spot
Barrage
Constant
Sweepthrough
* Spot

Which basic jamming technique consists of a wideband signal intended to cause chaos on a wideband of frequencies or adjacent channels?
Spot
Barrage
Constant
Sweepthrough
* Barrage

Which basic jamming technique consists of a signal concentrated on a single frequency only a short time?
Constant
Spot
Sweepthrough
Barrage
* Sweepthrough

Which modulating jamming signal sounds like an aircraft engine?
Spark
Random noise
Stepped tones
Sweepthrough
* Sweepthrough

Which modulating jamming technique is the most difficult to distinguish?
Random noise
Spark
Stepped tones
Sweepthrough
* Random noise

What are the two types of field meaconing, intrusion, jamming, and interference (MIJI) reports?
First and second
Initial and follow up
Initial and final
First and follow up
* Initial and follow up

Within how many hours of the initial meaconing, intrusion, jamming, and interference (MIJI report must you submit a complete follow up report containing all details of the incident?
6
8
12
24
* 12

The physical size, construction details, and appearance of an antenna primarily depend on
how many stations will be on the same frequency
the amount of radiation energy from the radio
the antenna location
how the antenna is used
* how the antenna is used

What should you do if you are in a room beside an electrical outlet with degraded communications?
Change frequencies
Move the radio to another room
Move radio to the roof
Move the radio to another location in the same room
* Move the radio to another location in the same room

The more efficient an antenna is for transmitting, the more efficient it will be for receiving. Which antenna characteristic does this describe?
Resonance
Reciprocity
Take off angle
Gain
* Reciprocity

The radio ground-wave component affected by the conductivity and dielectric constant of the Earth is called
direct
sky
surface
ground-reflected
* surface

The zone where no usable signal is received from a given transmitting antenna is called
Blank
Dead
Hop
Skip
* Skip

How many distinct layers make up the ionosphere?
Three
Four
Five
Six
* Four

Which radio frequency (RF) range uses the ground wave for communications from 15 to 400 miles and the sky wave for reception at distances up to 8,000 miles?
Low
Medium
High
Ultra-high
* Medium

Which radio frequency (RF) range uses the ground wave for communicating over great distances?
Low
Medium
High
Ultra-high
* Low

Which radio frequency (RF) range uses little ground wabe for communcations with only slight refraction of the sky waves?"
Low
Medium
High
Ultra-high
* High

If the lines of electric force are prallel to the surface of the Earth, the radio wave is polarized
vertically
elliptically
horizontally
directionally
* vertically

Which type of antenna is least likely to pick up manmade interference?
Vertical
Horizontal
Blade
Whip
* Horizontal

Earth ground is a good conductor for what type of radio frequency (RF)?"
Low and high
Medium and high
Low and medium
Low and high
* Low and medium

When properly repairing a solid core whip antenna, do not overlap the broken ends by more than a few inches because you can degrade the antennas
insulation
magnetic field
polarization
electrical length
* electrical length

What determines the angle of radiation required for both transmitting and receiving antennas?
Distance between stations
Antenna gain required
Handling capability
Physical size
* Distance between stations

By using a high gain antenna at transmitter and receiver sites, you reduce
circuit loss
transmitter power
electrical antenna length
physical antenna length
* transmitter power

What type of injury can you get from high levels of radio frequency (RF) energy sent from an antenna?
Cell damage
Nerve damage
Radiation burns
Electrical burns
* Radiation burns

What type of equipment is used with the whip antenna?
Set
Unchanging
Fixed
Portable
* Portable

How does a vehicle affect the operation of a mounted whip antenna?
Provides a ground
Obstructs the radiated circuit
Provides proper take-off angle
Reduces the radiation efficiency
* Provides a ground

For best results, at least how many feet above the ground should you place the ends of the inverted Vee antenna?
2
4
6
8
* 6

Use the near verticle incidence sky wave (NVIS) antenna within megahertz (MHz) frequencies of
2.0 to 14.0
2.0 to 29.0
14.0 to 24.9
14.0 to 29.9
* 2.0 to 29.0

What is the most commonly used field expediently constructed antenna?
Vee
Inverted L
Inverted Vee
Half wave dipole
* Half wave dipole

Which field expedient antenna is equipped with a quarter-wave vertical section and a half-wave horizontal section
Inverted L
Inverted Vee
Sloping Vee
Half wave dipole
* Inverted L

When terminated, what is the directivity of the long wire antenna?
Bi-directional
Uni-directional
Directional
Omni-directional
* Uni-directional

Where on the Vee antenna would you find the maximum radiation pattern?
Rear or point
Right side
Opening
Left side
* Opening

What is the directivity of the Vee antenna?
Bi-directional
Omni-directional
Directional
Uni-directional
* Uni-directional

Tactical air control party (TACP) members operate at their aligned Army echelon which can range from
battalion to corps
company to division
platoon to brigade
squad to battalion
* battalion to corps

Which is the Army's highest echelon that trains and operates as a combined arms team?
Corps
Divison
Brigade
Battalion
* Divison

Which type of Army division is primarily a powerful offensive force?
Infantry
Airborne
Armored
Mechanized infantry
* Armored

Which Army unit has the mission to close with the enemy using available firepower and controlled maneuvers?
Division
Corps
Battalion
Brigade
* Brigade

Which Army command staff member is responsible for all fires on surface targets to include air support?
Fire support coordinator (FSCOORD)
G-2 / S-2
G-3 / S-3
G-4 / S-4 Air
* Fire support coordinator (FSCOORD)

Which Army command staff member is responsible for planning and coordinating fire support and suppression of enemy air defenses?
Fire support coordinator (FSCOORD)
G-2 / S-2
G-3 / S-3
G-4 / S-4 Air
* Fire support coordinator (FSCOORD)

Which Army echelon has a dedicated Army airspace command and control (A2C2)?
Battalion
Brigade
Division
Field Army
* Division

Which Army liaison officer supports the combat reporting center (CRC) and handles real-time Army airspace management issues?
Ground liaison officer (GLO)
Air defense liaison officer
Battlefield coordination element officer
Airspace management liaison officer
* Airspace management liaison officer

Which Army liaison officer maintains capabilities, locations, and status of air defense artillery (ADA) systems?
Air defense liaison officer
Ground liaison officer (GLO)
Air reconnaissance liaison officer
Battlefield coordination element officer
* Air defense liaison officer

Which Army liaison officer advises the Air Force weapons assignment officer on employment of air defense artillery (ADA)
Ground liaison officer (GLO)
Air defense liaison officer
Air reconnaissance liaison officer
Battlefield coordination element officer
* Air defense liaison officer

How does the Air Force organize its forces overseas?
Certain function
Specific mission
Geographical
Administrative
* Geographical

How many major commands (MAJCOM) does the Air Force have to accomplish its mission?
Three
Five
Seven
Nine
* Nine

How many wing commands are found in the Air Force structure?
One
Two
Three
Four
* Three

Which theater air control system (TACS) element is the wing commander's command and control element?
Air operations center (AOC)
Wing operations center (WOC)
Air support operations center (ASOC)
Tactical air control party (TACP)
* Wing operations center (WOC)

In garrison, tactical air control party (TACP), falls under the operational control of what unit?
Aligned Army unit
Assigned Army unit
Air support operations center (ASOC)
Air support operations group (ASOG)
* Air support operations group (ASOG)

Tactical air control party (TACP) operations fall into what two general categories?
Control and communications
Control and direction
Liaison and control
Liaison and communications
* Liaison and control

In tactical air control party (TACP), which member integrates air support sorties with the Army unit scheme of maneuver?
Air liaison officer (ALO)
Air mobility liaison officer (AMLO)
Joint terminal attack controller (JTAC)
Tactical air command and control specialist (TACCS)
* Air liaison officer (ALO)

In a tactical air control party (TACP), which member may conduct drop zone operations when drop zone support team is not available?
Air liaison officer (ALO)
Air mobility liaison officer (AMLO)
Joint terminal attack controller (JTAC)
Tactical air command and control specialist (TACCS)
* Air mobility liaison officer (AMLO)

Which Army echelon is an air support operations center (ASOC) normally collocated with?
Division
Field Army
Corps
Brigade
* Corps

Who does the corps air liaison officer (ALO) or air support operation center (ASOC) director report to?
The air operation center's director or commander
The wing operations center's director or commander
The land component commander
The corps commander
* The air operation center's director or commander

Which radio net is used by the air support operations center (ASOC) to interface with other theater air control system (TACS) units?
Command and control net
Tactical air direction net
Tactical air control net
In-flight report net
* Command and control net

Which radio net is used to direct and control aircraft engaged in theater air support?
Command and control net
Tactical air direction net
Tactical air control net
In-flight report net
* In-flight report net

Which theater air control system (TACS) element coordinates strategic operations within the theater airlift management system and collocates with the Air operations center (AOC)?
Tanker airlift control center (TACC)
Control and reporting center (CRC)
Air mobility element (AME)
Tanker airlift control element (TALCE)
* Air mobility element (AME)

Which theater air control system (TACS) element provides near-real-time data to efficiently execute the battle plan?
Forward air controller (airborne) (FAC[A])
Tactical air coordinator (airborne) (TAC[A])
Airborne warning and control system (AWACS)
Joint surveillance, target attack radar system (JSTARS)
* Joint surveillance, target attack radar system (JSTARS)

How many divisions are found in the air operations center (AOC)?
Four
Five
Six
Seven
* Five

Normally, how many hours will an air tasking order cover?
12
24
48
72
* 24

Which document from the air operations center (AOC) provides operators critical guidance on how to execute the air tasking order (ATO)?
Air tasking order
Airspace control order
Special instructions
Operations order
* Special instructions

The battlefield coordination detachment (BCD) is the land component commander's (LCC) liaison and collocated with the
air support operations center (ASOC)
wing operations center (WOC)
airlift coordination cell (ALCC)
air operations center (AOC)
* air operations center (AOC)

How many sections are in the battlefield coordination detachment (BCD) structure?
Four
Five
Six
Seven
* Six

Which section within the battlefield coordination detachment (BCD) ensures the synchronization between the current air operations and the current Army operations?
Airlift
Operations
Plans
Intelligence
* Operations

Which section within the battlefield coordination detachment (BCD) exchanges the information with the control and reporting center (CRC), land component headquarters, and air defense artillery (ADA) headquarters?
Plans
Air defense
Operations
Intelligence
* Operations

Which section within the battlefield coordination detachment (BCD) maintains identification codes of all Army forces (ARFOR) airspace users including fire support and unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)?
Plans
Airlift
Intelligence
Airspace management
* Airspace management

What is the function of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR)?
Acquiring and processing information
Acquiring and identifying information
Planning and identifying information
Planning and processing information
* Acquiring and processing information

The intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) term 'tasking authority' simply means who
can operate the system
owns the system
uses the system
flies the system
* owns the system

What is the name of the critical pieces of intelligence that a commander must know about the enemy and the operational environment by a particular time in order to plan and execute a successful mission?
Information requirements
Request for information (RIF)
Priority intelligence requirements (PIR)
Essential intelligence requirements
* Priority intelligence requirements (PIR)

What is the name of any specific time-sensitive, ad hoc requirement for intelligence information or products to support an ongoing operation or crisis not necessarily related to the standing requirements?
Priority intelligence requirements
Essential intelligence requirements
Information requirements
Requests for information (RIF)
* Requests for information (RIF)

The science portion of command deals with the study and method of a body of facts and processes based on principles from
the physical or material world
specific skill
decision-making and leadership
responsibility, accountability, and delegation
* The physical or material world

What should leadership provide to influence their people in order to accomplish the mission?
Command, authority and decision
Purpose, direction and motivation
Control, command and decision
Communication, structure and information
* Purpose, direction and motivation

What are the elements that make up the control portion of the command and control (C2) system?
Authority, decision-making, and leadership
Authority, decision-making, and structure
Information, communication, and structure
Information, communication, and leadership
* Information, communication, and structure

How many types of suppression of enemy air defenses (SEAD) are there?
Two
Four
Five
Six
* Two

What do planners consider if an operation exposes friendly aircraft to an enemy's air defense?
The availablility and capability of support of enemy air defense (SEAD) capable systems
The commander's guidance and intent
The importance of the mission's objective
Rules of engagement (ROE)
* The availablility and capability of support of enemy air defense (SEAD) capable systems

What are the objectives of electronic warfare (EW)?
Control and exploit only
Control, exploit, and enhance
Control the means of attack
Control the means of offense and defensive operations
* Control, exploit, and enhance

For offensive electronic warfare (EW), what is required for a more sophisticated jamming?
More power in the jammer
Broader spectrum in the jammer
More intelligence in the jammer
More directed energy in jammer
* More intelligence in the jammer

Which type of targets is the focus for joint tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP)
Enemy artillery units
Enemy armored vehicles
Traditional targets to the enemy
High importance to the enemy
* High importance to the enemy

Which term of joint tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) consists of operations to divert, disrupt, delay, or destroy the enemy's surface potential before it can be used effectively against friendly forces?
Air interdiction (AI)
Battlefield air interdiction
Close air support (CAS)
Combat air patrol
Air interdiction (AI)

Air interdiction (AI) attack on which type of target interferes with an adversary's ability to mass, maneuver, withdraw, supply, and reinforce surface forces?
Personnel
Command and control systems
Material
Logistics
* Command and control systems

In order for close air support (CAS) to be effective, all of the following conditions are required except for
train and develop skills
effective command and control (C2)
inauspicious environmental conditions
streamlined and flexible procedures
* inauspicious environmental conditions

What effects can a commander produce by orchestrating close air support (CAS) with other surface and air operations?
National
Strategic
Tactical
Operational
* Operational

What ensures the execution of close air support (CAS) is on the right target and reduces the possibility of fratricide?
Terminal control
Streamlined procedures
Effective planning
Detailed integration
* Terminal control

Which battlefield operation requires special care to identify friendly forces and ensure that they are not subject to direct attack or weapons effects from close air support (CAS) ordnance?
Deep operations
Rear operations
Close operations
Offensive operations
* Rear operations

Which battlefield operation with close air support (CAS) gives the maneuver force commander freedom of movement?
Close operations
Offensive operations
Deep operations
Rear operations
* Offensive operations

Which battlefield operation with close air support (CAS) can cause the enemy to deploy prematurely?
Offensive operations
Deep operations
Rear operations
Defensive operations
* Defensive operations

The ability to mass joint fire support at a decisive point and to provide the supporting fires needed to achieve the commander's objectives relies on
coherent planning
terminal control
detailed integration
streamlined procedures
* coherent planning

What channel does a request for preplanned close air support (CAS) mission flow through up to higher echelons?
G/S-2
G/S-3 Air
Fire support coordination element
Corps air liaison officer
* Fire support coordination element

Preplanned close air support (CAS) requests are categorized as either scheduled or
alerted
ready
on-call
standby
* on-call

What information can 'on-call' requests for close air support (CAS) specify?
Ground or orbit alert
Ready or ground alert
Airborne or ready alert
Airborne or ground alert
* Airborne or ground alert

Which channel does the mission data for preplanned requests funnel down through back to the requestor?
Ground maneuver forces channel
The G/S-2 channel
The tactical air control party's (TACP) channel
The air support operations center's (ASOC) channel
* Ground maneuver forces channel

What advice does the corps air liaison officer (ALO) give to the corps G-3 / S-3 Air if on-call close air support is unavailable
Forward the request to the joint force commander (JFC) to the air operations center (AOC)
Forward the request to the battlefield coordination detachment (BCD) at the AOC
Forward the request to the combat intelligence division (CID) to the AOC
Forward the request to the land component commander (LCC) to the AOC
* Forward the request to the battlefield coordination detachment (BCD) at the AOC

Who allocates close air support (CAS) and decides whether to divert other CAS missions to the corps requesting additional missions?
The joint force commander (JFC)
The senior air liaison officer (ALO)
The land component commander (LCC)
The joint air component commander (JFACC)
* The land component commander (LCC)

How do commanders take full advantage of the battlefield opportunities to maintain the momentum of an offesnive action or reduce operational and tactical risk?
By maneuver of forces
By massing firepower
By dispersing firepower
By prioritizing firepower
* By massing firepower

Which planning consideration within the mission, enemy troops, terrain, and time (METT-T), determines which close air support (CAS) will be employed?
Enemy
Time
Troops
Mission
* Enemy

Which planning consideration within the mission, enemy, troops, terrain, and time (METT-T), can limit communications and visual line of sight (LOS) for identifying the target and/or aircraft?
Time
Terrain
Enemy
Mission
* Terrain

What is the basic consideration of close air support (CAS) missions involving laser-guided weapons (LGW) besides coordination of laser-compatible designators and ornance?
Threats in the area
Skill of the operator
Attack parameters
Type of target
* Attack parameters

What is the primary or standard map datum in use today?
WGS-79
WGS-80
WGS-82
WGS-84
* WGS-84

How many grid coordinates digits make up the standard for target location while using the military grid reference system (MGRS)?
Six
Eight
Ten
Twelve
* Six

Many global positioning system (GPS) receivers can compute quick, accurate coordinate conversions, provided the
batteries are fully charged
users are properly trained
proper codes are installed
satelites are on and working
* users are properly trained

Which condition for effective close air support (CAS) permits CAS to function more effectively and denies that same advantage to the enemy?
Command and control (C2)
Prompt response
Air superiority
Suppresion of enemy air defenses (SEAD)
* Air superiority

Which condition for effective close air support (CAS) allows a commander to exploit fleeting battlefield opportunities?
Suppression of enemy air defense (SEAD)
Air superiority
Command and control (C2)
Prompt response
* Prompt response

Which fire support coordination measure (FSCM) is established and adjusted by the land forces commander, usually at the corps echelon?
Fire support coordination line (FSCL)
Restrictive fire line
Coordinated fire line
Permissive fire coordination line
* Fire support coordination line (FSCL)

Which fire support coordination measure (FSCM) allows conventional or improved conventional indirect fire to engage targets any time within the zone of the establishing headquarters without additional coordination?
Restrictive fire line
Coordinated fire line
Fire support coordination line (FSCL)
Air support fire coordination line
* Coordinated fire line

Which fire support coordination measure (FSCM) prohibits all fires into an area without prior clearance?
Restrictive fire area
Free-fire area
No-fire area
Airspace coordination area
* No-fire area

Fratricide is unwanted, undesireable and what?
inevitable
unavoidable
indispensible
avoidable
* avoidable

Which term employs the concept that describes the unintended physical damage to any non-combatant person(s), property, or environment(s) occuring incidental to military operations?
Collateral damage
Fratricide
Rules of engagement (ROE)
Law of armed conflict (LOAC)
* Collateral damage

Which type of weapon is not applicable for estimating the damage from employing under the collateral damage estimates (CDE)?
Kinetic
Non-kinetic
Retarded munitions
Conventional munitions
* Non-kinetic

Which term describes the capability to rapidly and accurately identify friendly, enemy and neutral forces, manage and control the battle space, and minimize to risk of fratricide?
Situational awareness (SA)
Target identification (TID)
Combat identification (CID)
Positive identification (PID)
* Combat identification (CID)

Which factor or condtion of positive identification (PID) identifies the capacity of a person to process information, which makes it difficult to maintain situational awareness (SA) in a complex environment?
Environmental condition
Operational factor
Physical factor
Human factor
* Human factor

Which factor or condition of positive identification (PID) addresses a certain type of knowledge that is difficult and time consuming to acquire?
Human
Physical
State of equipment
Operational
* Operational

Within how many meters of the target should a visual mark impact near the target to ensure a successful attack?
50
100
150
200
* 100

Within how many seconds prior to close air support (CAS) ordnance impact should the target marks from indirect fire munitions appear?
10 to 25
20 to 35
30 to 45
40 to 55
* 30 to 45

Within how many meters of the target should a target mark from indirect fire be from the target to be efficient enough to direct close air support (CAS) aircraft?
100
200
300
400
* 300

How many types of categories of close air support (CAS) missions are there?
Three
Four
Five
Six
* Three

Who does the responsibility for expenditure of ordnance rests with?
Lead aircraft pilot
Maneuver force commander
Terminal attack controller
Fire support coordinator
* Maneuver force commander

What is the bomb damage assessment (BDA) used for?
Updating the enemy order of battle
Tallying for targets destroyed by aircraft
Updating the maps with locations of destroyed vehicles
Tallying of targets destroyed by the terminal attack controller
* Updating the enemy order of battle

What are the four characteristics of a bomb
Body, tail, fusing, and fragmentation pattern
Body, tail, fusing, and blast pattern
Body, tail, fusing, and guidance
Blast, fragmentation, penetration, and incendiary
* Body, tail, fusing, and guidance

How do the pilots aim rockets at a target?
By pointing the nose of the aircraft at the target
By pointing the rocket pod at the target
By guiding on a laser code
By guiding on an infrared beam
* By pointing the nose of the aircraft at the target

What is the minimum number of satelites the joint direct attack munition (JDAM) must acquire for mid-course guidance?
Two
Three
Four
Five
* Four

What is the nomenclature of the MK-84, 2,000-pound bomb, when converted into a joint direct attack munition (JDAM)?
GBU-39
GBU-38
GBU-31
GBU-32
* GBU-31

Which homing system has a camera mounted in the nose of the qeapon aligned to the axis of that weapon?
Infrared
Laser guidance
Anti-radiation
Television
* Television

Which homing system is not night capable or under conditions of low visibility, and is not useable against camouflage targets?
Television
Laser guidance
Infrared
Anti-radiation
* Television

The SA-8 and Roland are examples of which surface-to-air missile (SAM) system?
Man-portable air defense system
Short-range air defense missile system
Medium-range air defense missile system
Long-range air defense missile system
Short-range air defense missile system

Which type of missiles is characterized as fixed sites
Man-portable air defense system
Short-range air defense missile system
Medium-range air defense missile system
Long-range air defense missile system
* Long-range air defense missile system

Why are man-portable air defense systems (MANPADS) and short-range air defense (SHORAD) systems your primary threat when conducting a close air support (CAS) mission?
These systems are highly accurate
These systems are available to every enemy soldier
These systems are cheap to make and therefore plentiful
These systems are found in the forward deployed area
* These systems are found in the forward deployed area

Which system uses a fire direction and control method of continuous fire, aided by observing and correcting the flight path of the tracer rounds into the target?
Antiaircraft machine guns
Light antiaircraft artillery
Heavy antiaircraft artillery
Medium antiaircraft artillery
* Antiaircraft machine guns

Which antiaircraft artillery system has a caliber range of 20 mm to 57 mm?
Light antiaircraft artillery
Antiaircraft machine guns
Heavy antiaircraft artillery
Medium aintiaircraft artillery
* Light antiaircraft artillery

Which system can be either towed or self-propelled, and a crew of three to four usually operates it?
Antiaircraft machine guns
Light antiaircraft artillery
Medium antiaircraft artillery
Heavy antiaircraft artillery
* Light antiaircraft artillery

Which antiaircraft artillery system has a caliber range of 75 mm to 130 mm
Light antiaircraft artillery
Antiaircraft machine guns
Heavy antiaircraft machine guns
Medium antiaircraft artillery
* Medium antiaircraft artillery

Which priority requires the casualty to be evacuated within four hours?
Priority
Routine
Urgent
Urgent surgical
* Priority

What information goes in line two of the medical evacuation (MEDEVAC) 9-Line form?
Location
Radio frequency and call sign
Number of casualties
Precedence
* Location

Which line of the medical evacuation (MEDEVAC) 9-Line form is used for marking the landing zone?
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
* Seven

Which line of the medical evacuation (MEDEVAC) 9-Line form identifies whether the landing zone is contaminated with nuclear biological chemicals (NBC) agents?
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
* Nine

How many basic categories of frequency bands are primarily used by tactical air control parties?
Three
Four
Five
Six
* Four

What element does the Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio System (SINCGARS) Electronic Set (ESET) contain?
Cue frequency
SINCGARS frequency hopping data
Ground time of day
Crypto key identification data
* SINCGARS frequency hopping data

What function does the lockout in the Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio System (SINCGARS) LOADSET perform?
Provides fixed channel frequency
Provides inclusive channels for hopping
Provides frequency to be skipped during hopping
Provides cold start net operations
* Provides frequency to be skipped during hopping

All of the following items are required to operate on a HAVEQUICK net except
net number
time-of-day (TOD)
word of day (WOD)
electronic set (ESET)
* electronic set (ESET)


What is the complete frequency range on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio?
30 to 512 MHz
2 to 512 MHz
30 to 87.975 MHz
30 to 399.975 MHz
* 30 to 512 MHz

What is the power output for the 400 to 512 MHz frequency range on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio?
1 to 5 watts
1 to 10 watts
1 to 15 watts
1 to 20 watts
* 1 to 10 watts

Which function control switch position on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio would you use to delete all crypto variable and transmission security keys
OFF (radio off)
CLR (clear)
Z-ALL (zero-all)
TD (time delay)
* Z-ALL (zero-all)

Which function control switch position on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio would you use to electronically disconnect the hold-up battery?
CLR (clear)" forState:UIControlStateNormal
OFF (radio off)
TD (time delay)
CLR (clear)
* CLR (clear)

Which connector port on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio would you use to connect the 30 MHz to 89.9999 MHz blade antenna?
VHF Antenna
AUDIO/DATA/FILL
VHF/UHF antenna
Accessory
* VHF Antenna

Which connector port on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio is not used in the manpack configuration?
VHF Antenna
Accessory
VHF/UHF antenna
AUDIO/DATA/FILL
*Accessory

Which control button is also labeled as 'NET' on some AN/PRC-117F(C) radios?
PGM
CALL
PRE
CLR
* PRE

What position must the function switch be in on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio prior to loading a fill from the AN/PYQ-10 Simple Key Loader (SKL)?
PT
CT
RV
LD
* LD

How many communication security (COMSEC) keys can the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio hold for each COMSEC type?
25
20
15
10
* 25

Once you have loaded a fill into the AN/PRC-117F(C) with the digital transfer device (DTD), what is the step prior to disconnecting the fill device from the AUDIO/DATA/FILL connector?
Select the desired key type
Turn off the DTD
Turn off the power
Rotate the radio's function switch from LD
* Turn off the DTD

Once you have loaded a fill into the AN/PRC-117(C) with a fill device, what is the last step of the process after you have turned off the fill device and disconnected it from the radio?
Turn off the power
Turn off the fill device power
Rotate the radio's function switch from LD
Select the desired key type
* Rotate the radio's function switch from LD

On the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio, which menu item (when entered) will automatically enter the proper satelite downlink and uplink frequencies?
Communication security (COMSEC)
NET TYPE
DATA/VOC
FREQ CODE
* FREQ CODE

Which communication security (COMSEC) type is for voice operation only for the AN/PRC-117(C) radio?
FASCINATOR
VINSON
KG-84
ANDVT
* FASCINATOR

Which communication security (COMSEC) type is for data operation only for the AN/PRC-117(C) radio?
ANDVT
KG-84
FASCINATOR
VINSON
* KG-84

What is the power level range for satelite communication (SATCOM) programming on the AN/PRC-117(C) radio?
1 to 10 watts
10 to 100 watts
2 to 20 watts
5 to 50 watts
* 2 to 20 watts

On the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio, how many authorized frequencies make up the training HAVEQUICK frequency management training FMT set?
19
18
17
16
* 16

What is the transmission power selection for HAVEQUICK operations on the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio?
1 to 10 watts
1 to 5 watts
2 to 10 watts
2 to 20 watts
* 1 to 10 watts

On the AN/PRC-117F(C) radio manpack, what is the maximum transmission power for the SINCGARS mode?
10 watts
20 watts
30 watts
40 watts
* 10 watts

When manually setting the global-time-of-day (GTOD) on the AN/PRC-117(C) radio, how many digits of the Julian date are entered for the day component of the time entry?
All the digits
The first two digits
The last two digits
the middle two digits
* The last two digits

When conducting preventative measures on your AN/PRC-117(C) radio set, how often should you replace the hold-up battery (HUB)?
Daily
Weekly
Semi-annually
Annually
* Annually

When conducting preventative measures on your AN/PRC-117(C) radio set, how often should you visually inspect the connectors for corrosion, damage, or looseness?
Daily
Weekly
Monthly
Annually
* Weekly

How many different types of troubleshooting methods are used on the AN/PRC-117(C)?
One
Two
Three
Four
* Two

What action should you take if you are receiving intermittent audio on the AN/PRC-117(C)?
Check the keypad display unit cable
Check the keypad display unit
Clean handset connector
Move radio set away from source of strong RF signal
* Clean handset connector

What is the frequency range of the PRC-117G
12 MHz to 512 MHz
30 MHz to 512 MHz
12 MHz to 1999.9950 MHz
30 MHz to 1999.9950 MHz
* 30 MHz to 1999.9950 MHz

What action may cause the AN/PRC-117G to transmit undesired transmission?
Disconnecting fill device before switching from [LD]
Initiating a self-test with cipher switch in citadel encryption (CC)
Connecting fill device before rotating cipher switch to [LD]
Pressing [ENT] before transmission encryption key is selected on the fill device
* Disconnecting fill device before switching from [LD]

What additional tagging is done in DS-101 protocol when loading a transmission encryption key in the AN/PRC-117G
Short title
Classification
Platform type
Date time stamp
* Classification

When loading the AN/PRC-117G with a communication security (COMSEC) transmission encryption key (TEK) using the simple key loader (SKL), after selecting all required keys and clicking OK what option would you select from the drop-down list?
Radio
MX-18290
DS-102 protocol
DS-101 protocol
* DS-102 protocol

When loading the AN/PRC-117G with a communication security (COMSEC) transmission encryption key using the simple key loader (SKL) after selecting the appropriate protocol on the simple key loader, what is the only settings that is used?
Send wake up (5 Sec)
Bus address (1011001)
Baud rate (25k)
"Active mode (KYK-13)
* Active mode (KYK-13)

On the AN/PRC-117G, what satelite communication (SATCOM) channel numbers would you use to access the channel programming screen in order to enter RX/TX frequencies?
000, 001, or 998
100, 101 or 998
248, 249 or 999
348, 349 or 999
* 248, 249 or 999

What number in a word of day (WOD) segment indicates the position for the day of the month (DOM)?
15
14
02
01
* 14

Which is not an option for the last two digits of a HAVEQUICK net?
00
50
75
25
* 75

On the AN/PRC-117G, which protocol should be used to electronically transfer the word of the day (WOD) using the simple key loader?
MX-18290
KYK-13
DS-102
DS-101
* DS-101

What are the keystrokes to access the HAVEQUICK menu that allows for creation or modification of HAVEQUICK presets?
[PGM]>SYSTEM PRESETS>SYSTEM PRESET CONFIG
[PGM]>SYSTEM PRESETS>VULOS CONFIG
[PGM]>SYSTEM PRESETS>HAVEQUICK CONFIG
[PGM]>SYSTEM PRESETS>WAVEFORM CONFIG
* [PGM]>SYSTEM PRESETS>SYSTEM PRESET CONFIG"]

When configuring HAVEQUICK TOD on the AN/PRC-117G if 00 is entered for either the month or day, what will the screen display?
Frequency management training (FMT)
Single word of the day (SWOD)
Multiple word of the day (MWOD)
Word of the day (WOD)
*Single word of the day (SWOD)

What location in the AN/PRC-117G SYSTEM PRESET CONFIG menu is the associated HOPSET assigned?
HOPSET/LOCKOUT
HOPSET LOCATION
HOPSET COMPARTMENT
TRAFFIC MODE
* HOPSET COMPARTMENT

When setting up the AN/PRC-117G for late net entry (LNE), what would cause the LNE to be disabled?
Global position system (GPS) is noy syncing
Radio is more then four seconds off
Net master is not available
Radio is set to master
* Radio is set to master

What does the warning message 'Fault Configuration Cleared' indicate on the AN/PRC-117G
Indicates loss of all radio configuration, (COMSEC), and (TRANSEC) data
Keys are not assigned to the preset
RF board is temporarily or permanently rendered incapable of RX or TX on the currently loaded
A hopping net was loaded, but no valid Hopset is programmed
* Indicates loss of all radio configuration, (COMSEC), and (TRANSEC) data

What type of electronic counter-countermeasure (ECCM) is the AN/PRC-117(C) not capable of?
High frequency (HF) list
Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio System (SINCGARS)
High frequency (HF) narrowband
High frequency (HF) wideband
* Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio System (SINCGARS)

Which position on the AN/PRC-150(C)'s function switch is not used?
Z
CT
CC
RV
* CC

When filling the AN/PRC-150(C) using the AN/CYZ-10 digital transfer device (DTD), what should you ensure the fill program is set to?
KYK-13
DTD
DS-102
DS-101
* DS-101

What are the absic characteristics of a radio net on the AN/PRC-150(C)?
Channel number, frequency, modulation type and communication security (COMSEC)
System channel, frequency, modulation type and COMSEC
Channel number, sideband, frequency and COMSEC
Compartment, data rate, spacing and COMSEC
* Channel number, frequency, modulation type and communication security (COMSEC)

What are the two places you have to go in order to program a radio net on the AN/PRC-150(C)?
Type and system
Preset and system
Preset and default
Type and default
* Preset and system

What is the shortest period that you should expect the AN/PRC-150(C)'s hold up battery (HUB) to last?
12 months
8 months
4 months
18 months
* 4 months

In test mode on the AN/PRC-150(C), what should you choose to test everything?
Black/Red Data
Complete
Prepost
System
* System

Which is not an option of the Defense Advanced GPS Receiver, if you press and hold down the WP/ENTER key?
Edit a waypoint
Mark a waypoint
GOTO a waypoint
Create a waypoint
* Edit a waypoint

How do you cancel an operation on the Defense Advanced GPS Receiver?
Press and release the menu button
Press and release the power button
Press and hold the menu button
Press and hold the power button
* Press and release the power button

What conditions should the off mode display heater be used on the Defense Advanced GPS Receiver?
During transit
To conserve power
During extreme cold conditions
During high glare environments
* During extreme cold conditions

What is one of the modes of operation on the Defense Advanced GPS Receiver?
Initialize
Practice
Median
Average
* Average

How do you mark present position on the Defense Advanced GPS Receiver?
Push and hold ENTER key and select MARK
Push and hold PAGE key and select MARK
Push and hold MENU key and select MARK
Push and hold F1 key and select MARK
* Push and hold ENTER key and select MARK

What does it mean if any of the Defense Advanced GPS Receiver fire support pages are blinking after range calculation?
Danger close (>100 meters)
Current position unavailable
Invalid keystroke input
Calculation error
* Current position unavailable

What page is displayed on the Defense Advanced GPS Receiver when the operator selects Navigate Route from the routes page menu?
Main menu page
Sky view page
Nav pointer page
Present position page
* Nav pointer page

Where is the distance button on the pocket laser range finder (PLRF-15C) located?
The underside
The left side
The target's end
The operator's end
* The operator's end

To perform a 12 point calibration on the PLRF-15C, point the device northwards and press the azimuth button four times until what is displayed?
COMP
CAL
3dOn
6Pt
* COMP

What will be displayed in the reticle of the PLRF-15C if the target is too small or inaccurately targetted?
_--_
----
-__-
---_
* ----

When the Multi-target indicator is illuminated on the Pocket Laser Range Finder and you want the range for the target furthest away from you, you rotate the switch to
RANGE
FIRST
LAST
TEST
* LAST

Which indicator illuminates in the eyepiece to ensure that the GLTD II laser is firing during mark operations
AZ
MLT
EL
XMT
* XMT

The Infrared Zoom Laser Illuminator/Designator 1000 multifunction laser illuminator/target designator emits a concentrated beam of invisible infrared radation which is class
4 laser
2 laser
3 laser
1 laser
* 4 laser

At high power, what are the pulses per second for the Infrared Zoom Laser Illumintaor/Designator 1000 on PULSE setting?
5 to 7
3 to 5
7 to 9
1 to 3
* 3 to 5

What is the distance along the axis of the unobstructed beam from a laser to the human eye beyond which the irradiance or radiant exposure is not expected to exceed the applicable maximum permissible exposure called?
Nominal maximum permissible exposure
Nominal skin hazard distance
Nominal ocular hazard distance
Optical density
* Nominal ocular hazard distance

Which is not one of the four safety devices that must be enabled before the Infrared Zoom Laser Illuminator/Designator will function?
Arming plug or remote fire switch
Mode select switch
Fire switch or remote fire switch
Yellow armed indicator light
* Yellow armed indicator light

What device is capable of seeing the Infrared Zoom Laser Illuminator/Designator 1000 beam?
SNIPER POD
LANTERN POD
PAVEWAY II
Thermal scope
* SNIPER POD